docs: add note to $allowedFields (#6021)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/models/model.rst

against just taking input from a form and throwing it all at the model, resulting in
potential mass assignment vulnerabilities.

> .. note:: The ``$primaryKey`` should never be an allowed field.

Reviewer: I think it should be primary key field as term, not variable with $ prefix

Author: I mean `$primaryKey` value.
`$primaryKey` is probably primary key field, but it can be other unique key.

Reviewer: how about change to:

```suggestion
.. note:: The ``primary key field`` should never be an allowed field.
```

Author: The text decoration ` `` ` is for source code (variables, method names, classnames).

How about this?

```suggestion
.. note:: The ``$primaryKey`` field should never be an allowed field.
```

Reviewer: Yes, that seems better 👍
